chore(website): Minor nits to migration blog (#2472)
cloudquery/cloudquery: website/pages/blog/migrating-from-v0-to-v1.md

## Changes to the Configuration Format

> V1 introduces a new config format that is closely related to the old one, but an old config will need some massaging to work with the CloudQuery v1 CLI. Mostly because we support now multiple destinations, there are seperate configs for source and destination plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
V1 introduces a new config format that is closely related to the old one, but an old config will need some massaging to work with the CloudQuery v1 CLI. Mostly because we now support multiple destinations, there are separate configs for source and destination plugins.
```

    # plugin specific configuration.
```

> Check the documentation [source spec](/docs/reference/source-spec), and for each [plugin](/docs/plugins/sources) for details on how to configure the plugin-specific spec part. However, generally these will be exactly the same as in v0, and all the same authentication functionality is still supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check the [source spec documentation](/docs/reference/source-spec) for general layout, and individual [plugin documentation](/docs/plugins/sources) for details on how to configure the plugin-specific spec. Generally these will be the same as in v0, and all the same authentication functionality is still supported.
```
